stream >> stream extractor operator
    cin >> length >> width; 
    in this scenario, having a space between length and width is how the program knows where length and width start and end respectively.
When the user types values at the keyboard, those values are first stored in an area of memory known as the keyboard buffer.
always a good idea to use parentheses when conducting expressions on the cout stream as some compilers may not suppport them without the parentheses.
unlike other languages, cpp does not support an eponent operator 
pow function only operates on doubles and produces doubles as well
cpp perfoms type conversions to an extent just like javascript

Just like officers in the military, data types are ranked. One data type outranks another if it can hold a larger number. For example, a float outranks an int.

data type ranking 
1. long double 
2. double
3. float 
4. unsigned long 
5. long
6. unsigned int 
7. int

When a value is converted to a higher data type, it is said to be promoted. To demote a value means to convert it to a lower data type. Let’s look at the specific rules that govern the evaluation of mathematical expressions.
rule1: chars, shorts and unsigned shorts are promoted to int before any operation is performed
rule2: when an operation takes place, the lower ranking value is promoted to the same as the upper ranking value
rule3: when final value is computer, the value is then converted again to the data type it's variable was/is assigned

overflow and underflow of integers will have them wrap around to their lowest and highest bounds respectively.
but worth it to note that this only happends on some compilers as your compiler may vary but generally, either of the following will happends

1. Produces an incorrect result and continues running.
2. Prints an error message and immediately stops when either floating point overflow or
underflow occurs.
3. Prints an error message and immediately stops when floating point overflow occurs,
but stores a 0 in the variable when it underflows.
4. Gives you a choice of behaviors when overflow or underflow occurs

type casting 
A type cast expression lets you manually promote or demote a value. The general format of a type cast expression is
static_cast<DataType>(Value)

formatting output
the way a value is printed is called formatting 

working with strings objects and characters

